holy shit come on well are behind you
hate you a lot behind you man oh dude
like you always have to follow me well I
gave you a warning yeah I know but I
can't turn around that fast
shut up that sensitivity brah come on
that you yeah nice game so I'll log out
of the corner oh good come here so mad
I'm like oh hey dude is this your first
time playing knife game oh no what other
games do you play knife game in game
game con dude this is a nice game did
you not read like the game before you
start off oh I always call it gun games
come from all the color days you know
that's silly dude but what are stabbing
everyone else for shooting that's good
this knife game you gotta give it a
times man this is in 2004 when called
dirty world of wars release this is 2015
oh no it's 2014 now dude check your
calendar
I've never played knife game I've always
just shot nice games better you get more
points to not time I export no no swag
points Weezy behind you reason behind
you just told me that oh ok that was God
ok aftermath gosh I killed him I just
nice to you through the wall you always
got to watch your back on this game you
need to wash your back oh yeah you like
it's dirty after a while I'll say why oh
okay Weezy okay min we can talk about
your feelings
you're high we just go hind you I gotta
stop doing that
I've got to stop doing that I'm giving
you hints well how do you even see them
Wow music oh honey in the corners I see
how it is in the corners a little bit
worse it's not right it is there is a
point there is a point in this game it
is called gun game not knife they're
reading it wrong to do this knife game I
bet I'll learn how to read and then get
back to me okay
yeah I'll just get right back to you on
that okay once the guy got right back to
you hack is your fuckin faggot have life
denial I don't know know how that makes
me gay it's just the way I like playing
the game yeah and that's a faggot way to
play the game like no a runner are you
to the knife right I can play over I
want oh fauces slacking over there but I
mean I guess you don't like knifing so
you got the knife and was probably just
like hey I can't use this because it's
for faggots right yeah I got more kills
than you does that make me better than
you
okay runner on knife and don't take pic
much Gayle says you pulling 23 kills how
would you like to trade places that
happen on trade places
yeah I wouldn't mind giving that back
like shut up
I'll try play I'll trade places for your
one game I'll show you how much easier
it is and he's gone